---
layout: post
title: 'A Toast'
---

*clink clink*

Now that you're all gathered here, I'd like to give a toast.

First, a toast to everyone who showed up. Without being asked, or even asking to begin with, you all came out of the woodwork to appear at our house. I mean *all* of you. I don't even know your fucking name! You, yes you, the one with the receding hairline. No, I mean the other one with the really receded hairline. In spite of us even asking that you don't come, you all loved us so much that you ignored us telling you we need time alone right now. I'm glad you all care so much.

A toast to you as well, Biplob-kaku, for arriving uninvited for the second day in a row and then sleeping overnight on our couch. Uninvited. To...uh..."take care of our grandma." I knew she was needy, I didn't know she was that needy.

And another toast for Adrian, the only person who even thought to ask if he should come over. The first visitor who I was actually happy to see. Still haven't adjusted to the mustache, by the way.

I can't forget a toast for Anika, the person who lightened the mood and gave me a hug I actually wanted. Thanks for that *one* hit. You're the only other person here who's been in my position and I know you understand what it feels like right now.

I'd like to give another toast to Anuj&mdash;sorry, *Evan*&mdash;for being the only person I wanted to see in the first place. Still haven't adjusted to your mustache either. You look like your dad and you dress like your dad too.

And lastly, a toast for myself: the only person rude enough to make an offhand remark about my sister in a wheelchair&mdash;might I add, in front of my parents&mdash;and the only one who's a big enough asshole to hide from all of you and complain to myself from my solitary desk.

**Now get the fuck out of my house.**
