---
layout: post
title: 'Carrots on Sticks'
---

Ever since I first tried to take my own life, I've been permanently tinted. It was a half-hearted attempt, really-those who really plan to do it don't blabbermouth about it-but ever since then, I made a friend that has always been by my side. Sometimes, he feels like my only friend. Constantly, I feel alone-hell, even as I speak with others. Yet, he's always by my side; from every bathroom mirror to glass screen, every dusk window and shining spoon. He won't let me out of his embrace, but it makes sense; I'm just as clingy as he is.

Suicide is the easy way out that I can never seem to take. It's a carrot on a stick, dangled before my eyes. I keep going each day, waiting for an end that never comes. I know it's trite, but at this point, that doesn't matter to me. My whole life has been trite, cringy, and edgy beyond belief. I can't wait for it to wear off, but it never does. It's stuck to me now. It's not just the drunk nights and rejections anymore. It's the sober days and bright elations too. I can never help but feel better off dead. When my hands are empty, they take up an invisible Glock 19, pushing the 9x19mm under the feed lips and sliding the mag into the grip then racking the slide. When my wrists are bare, I can't help but glare at them, reflecting on my pathetic inability to even leave so much as a scar. When my neck feels the breeze, I feel the power cord tying around my neck. It's everywhere I go. I don't even have to be sad anymore-or maybe I just lost perspective for what sad even is. He's always there with me, pulling my arm through the good times and hugging me through the bad times.

I don't remember what it's like to be rid of it. Maybe I'm just delusional (scratch that, I most certainly have lost it) but I feel like it gives me some semblance of meaning. Without an end in sight, desires to go on, or hedonistic pleasures to drench myself in, I would be mindless. Nothing. I would be completely empty of all. I want to tell myself that I'm lying, that I'm dramatising everything, but I don't think I can anymore. He's with me forever and I can't ignore him. He traps me in his embrace and refuses to let go. Satisfaction has long forsaken me. Fulfillment is nigh impossible. Depression is the last thing I have left.
