---
layout: post
title: '#1 after acid: what now?'
tags: ['trip report', 'acid diaries']
---

I'll just be chipping in some random thoughts I had today.

After dropping acid, my mind feels a lot clearer. Empty, almost. I feel an almost childlike neutrality, without my mind weighed down by anything going on around me. I know there's lots of things to get lost in these days and I spend a lot of time in my head. With acid, that space in my head has just become empty and white. White Space, if you will. ;p It's made it easier for me to focus on simple things and not spend my entire day with my earbuds in. I forget sometimes what it's like to just enjoy the natural sounds of your daily life because I'm constantly consuming more and more media. I'm enjoying simpler pleasures more than before, or so I think. My orange juice this morning felt really nice.

Acid forced me to trash what was in my mind at the time. Probably nothing of importance was lost. I don't think it's a good idea to linger on that idea for too long, because wondering what great thing you let go of will become an unfulfilling spiral of unhappiness. I performed garbage collection, a simple `System.gc();` if you will. It's kinda nice to be unencumbered by anything that was on my mind.

I felt a lot of LOVE throughout my experience. There's a specific game I have in my library that has a thing or two to do with LOVE...well, that experience will have to wait until I'm ready to go to see the symposium (drop acid) again. I keep thinking about doing it, but it's been good to remind myself that there can indeed be too much of a good thing and that I should wait until I'm ready again. At least a week, I reckon. Possibly longer. But I'm sure it'd be nice to give a playthrough of another game I love dearly, or possibly even two! I've been thinking not just about playing Undertale, but playing video games as a whole when combined with acid. The enthralling experiences of video games drenched in stimuli, for example the engrossing world building of narrative games or just grand sights and sounds of racing games, mixed with the cross-talk and grand excitement of acid creates an amazingly overwhelming experience to behold.

I should curate some more music/albums/games/etc. to listen to when tripping. The two albums that first came to mind, Thundercat's *Apocalypse* and King Crimson's *In the Court of the Crimson King* were both incredibly powerful. I was launched through the stars and amongst the planets with the former, and the latter put me in a very strange world. I think I understood the plight of the 21st century schizoid man. The album was scary, but in retrospect I enjoyed the experience, so I guess I could consider it a horror movie? XD Talking to the wind (a part of a track from the album) was somewhat relieving, but in a very strange way. In the future, I want to listen to some Pink Floyd albums and go through parts 1 through 3 of Kid Cudi's *Man on the Moon* trilogy.

The comedown left me quite "bleh" for a while. I was blinking in and out of rest, lying in my bed with no real energy to move. It felt kind of disheartening to see the festivities of the night come to an end, but it made me realise that I was grateful for having even gotten to experience it in the first place. I wasn't really sleeping, but a couple hours went by as I blinked out my window and I felt more energetic afterwards so I guess I consider it at least a nap.

I would always give myself shit for getting so invested and obsessed with video games. After this experience, I think of it differently. These video games were crafted with love and care, hardship and tribulation, to give me a new experience unlike any other. Every little dumb joke in Omori, or every small design detail of Persona 5 were all painstakingly crafted and woven so that I could enjoy them, too. And FH4? Turn 10 is a massive studio who undertook years of difficult modeling and designing to make all those painstakingly-crafted interiors and handling dynamics. Doing a street race on acid is near impossible, but I had lots of fun trying. I appreciate even more all the work that went into making these amazing worlds for me to play in.
