---
layout: post
title: 'on love'
---

i love you so much. so much i wish you would leave me.<br>
so i'll never have to bear the pain of being too much for you.<br>
so i'll never have to live in fear of you leaving me when i inevitably hurt you.<br>
so i'll never have to confront the perverse pain i put you through, setting hoops of madness<br>
so i'll never have to accept you'll love me for who i am.

killing yourself is so much harder<br>
when you can't lie to yourself<br>
that you don't care about the people you hurt<br>
when you can imagine the tears down his face<br>
asking himself if it was his fault you're gone<br>
because he got too attached for his own good

when i die alone, just know i<br>
wanted the best for you, telling you<br>
"This is for the best."<br>
"This is for the best."<br>
beyond the grave, watching you sob<br>
"I want you to be your best."<br>
"I know you deserve the best."<br>
as the only girl you've ever loved<br>
is signing a warrant for her own death

a brain tied against itself can only do so much.<br>
i'm always reminding you that you're doing more than enough,<br>
because you can't solve everything with your touch.<br>
i'm incurably autistic, deranged in ways you shouldn't see,<br>
i want to give you the best version of me.<br>
you can't solve my anger at myself, cursing that i'm useless,<br>
trying to hide the screams and cries, the bleeding cuts and bruises.

i love you too much for my own good<br>
please never leave me<br>
if you do, it's okay, i completely understand<br>
i'm pathetic

thank god you'll never see this
